PHP / Laravel updates (#4422)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-install/php.mdx

> To install the SDK you will need to be using `composer` in your project. If you are not already using Composer please see the [Composer documentation](https://getcomposer.org/download/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the SDK, you will need to be using `composer` in your project. If you are not already using Composer, check out the [Composer documentation](https://getcomposer.org/download/).
```
